Add contributors to community (#18)
open-education-hub/open-education-hub-site: website/docs/community/contributors.md

---
title: Contributors
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Contributors

## Mihai Carabaș

<img src="/img/people/mihai_carabas.png" width="200" />

Hi!
I'm Mihai, I am part of the OpenEdu project (21-COP-0016).

> I am contributing on the infrastructure architecture and I supervise the infrastructure deployment project activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I contribute to the infrastructure architecture and supervise the infrastructure deployment project activities.
```
It's better to use the simple present tense as it's more general.

> I am also engaged in content reviewing the Operating Systems class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I am also engaged in reviewing the content of the Operating Systems class.
```

I am a Professor at University POLITEHNICA of Bucharest, Romania, the Computer Science and Engineering Department.

> I am primarily interested in operating systems, computer architectures, cluster, cloud and grid computing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I am primarily interested in Operating Systems, Computer Architectures, Cluster, Cloud and Grid Computing.
```
The other people have their fields of expertise capitalised.

## Răzvan Rughiniș

<img src="/img/people/razvan_rughinis.jpg" width="200" />

Hi!
I am Răzvan, I am a contributor to the OpenEdu Project (21-COP-0016).

I am a Professor at the Faculty of Automatic Control and Computers, University POLITEHNICA of Bucharest.
My research, teaching, and doctoral supervision focus on cybersecurity, privacy, and data science.

> I am co-founder and coordinator of the [Innovation Labs acceleration program](https://www.innovationlabs.ro/) for young tech teams, since 2013, bringing together the Romanian academia and ICT business community to energize a vibrant startup ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 2013 I am the co-founder and coordinator of the [Innovation Labs acceleration program](https://www.innovationlabs.ro/) for young tech teams, bringing together the Romanian academia and ICT business community to energize a vibrant startup ecosystem.
```

## Ioan Sacală

<img src="/img/people/ioan_sacala.png" width="200" />

Hi!
I am Ioan, I am a contributor to the OpenEdu project (21-COP-0016).

> I am a Full Professor and Vice-Dean for International Cooperation within the Faculty of Automatic Control and Computers, University POLITEHNICA of Bucharest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I am a Professor and Vice-Dean for International Cooperation within the Faculty of Automatic Control and Computers, University POLITEHNICA of Bucharest.
```
The "fullness" is not relevant IMO. And it's not specified in the other full professors' bios.

My main fields of research are Wireless Sensor Networks, Cyber-Physical Systems, Sensing Systems, Advanced Communication Systems, Internet of Things and Future Internet.
My professional experience is based on the implementation of multiple national and international research projects.

## Nicolae Țăpuș

<img src="/img/people/nicolae_tapus.jpg" width="200" />

> Hello!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi!
```
For consistency

I am prof. Nicolae Țăpuș, I am part of the OpenEdu project (21-COP-0016).

> I am Professor at the Computer Science and Engineering Department and director of the PRECIS Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I am a Professor at the Computer Science and Engineering Department and director of the PRECIS Center.
```
